Hey, folks.
Welcome back to boost your income with
Bootstrap to WordPress.
This lecture is called setting
up your project environment.
And in this video, we're going to be
setting up our project environment.
[MUSIC]
Okay, so now what we're gonna do is we're
going to set up our project environment,
so there's a few things we're gonna
need to do to start coding our
static bootstrap website.
By this point, you should have
already downloaded the course files.
In the previous lecture, I gave you a link
that you could download the course files.
So basically here we're going to
create our from scratch project,
so I went ahead and created a blank
folder here on my desktop called B2W.
You can call it whatever, but I just
called it B2W for Bootstrap to WordPress.
I'm gonna open that up and
you'll see here that it is empty.
There's nothing in the folder.
Right here in my other tab,
I have within my course files,
in the final static website folder,
I have B2W static.
Right here I'm just going to use this as
a little guideline to make sure I have
my project environment set up correctly.
So you can do the same, or
you could just follow along with me, and
you should be good to go for this step.
So we need to go ahead and create
an assets folder in our blank project,
because right here in the static one,
we have an assets folder.
So go ahead and create an assets folder,
and in our course files,
open up the Download Bootstrap
folder here and
unzip the bootstrap zip folder here.
That is the 3.2.0 version of bootstrap.
So inside this folder,
we have a CSS, fonts, and js.
Sorry, CSS, fonts, and js folders,
go ahead and take those and
just drag them right into your assets
folder for your blank project.
I am gonna do that right here.
I'm just going to delete that because
I don't need that right there,
keep the zip file, all good.
Here we go.
So, inside my B2W folder, I have an assets
folder, and the Bootstrap files,
so the css, fonts, and js.
Now I want to do a few things here and
just clean this up because I don't
really need all of these files here.
You can keep them if you'd like but
I'm just gonna get rid of some of these.
So I don't need the theme.css,
because as you can see,
they've also included a theme.min.css.
Min means it's minified, so as you can
see here, I'll give you a preview.
It looks like a bunch of gibberish,
a big mess.
It's all the CSS with all the white space,
all the returns and
everything taken right out.
Here's the theme version,
everything's all readable.
But we don't need it to be readable
because we're gonna be making our own CSS
and we're not gonna be
modifying this CSS at all.
So get rid of the theme.css and
the map files there.
Same with this,
I don't need the css.map or
bootstrap.css because we
have a minified version.
So here we go, nice,
clean css folder theme.min.css and
min.css, that's what we need here.
Let's just go over here to our,
Final Static Website.
Make sure we're doing all right.
Okay so good, we've got those two
folders in there, custom.css and
font-awesome we won't be touching on
until a couple lectures from now.
So we're good for
css folder, fonts folder.
We should be good here.
Everything's all good, img folder,
take the img folder and
just copy it into your assets folder
cuz we're gonna need those images.
So I should now have the images folder
with all of the assets I will need, and
then js.
Have a little look.
Okay, looks like we're good.
We have bootstrap and
min.js, jquery and main.js,
we will be adding in a future lecture,
so don't worry about that.
So it looks like we
have our assets folder.
And then in here we have our Bootstrap
files that we downloaded for
Bootstrap 3.2.0.
We've got css, deleted a couple of files
that we don't need, fonts are good,
we didn't touch that.
We added an images folder
to the assets folder here.
And js, we're good to go.
So basically that's it,
we've setup our project environment.
Hang on tight because in the next lecture
we're actually going to create our index
file and start coding, my favorite part.
See you there.
[MUSIC]